Jetpack section in My Site (#15287)
wordpress-mobile/WordPress-iOS: RELEASE-NOTES.txt

* [**] Support contact email: fixed issue that prevented non-alpha characters from being entered. [#15210]
* [*] Support contact information prompt: fixed issue that could cause the app to crash when entering email address. [#15210]
* [*] Fixed an issue where comments viewed in the Reader would always be italicized.

> * [**] Jetpack Section - Easy access to Jetpack settings under My Site.
> nu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [**] Jetpack Section - Added quick and easy access for all the Jetpack features (Stats, Activity Log, Jetpack and Settings) on the My Site view [#15287]
```
